Vmc gi version tag (#46589)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: .changelog/46589.txt

```release-note:bug

> resource/aws_odb_cloud_vm_cluster: gi_version bug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource/aws_odb_cloud_vm_cluster: Attempt to read GI Version from resource tags to avoid failures due to new API response values
```
